`testimage_dip3e`: load images from the DIP3E textbook (#145)
JuliaImages/TestImages.jl: README.md

img = testimage("cameraman") # without extension works
img = testimage("cam") # with only partial name also works

img = testimage_dip3e("fig0905") # load figure 9.5: wirebond-mask from the DIP3E textbook
img = testimage_dip3e("wirebond-mask") # same as above

phantom = TestImages.shepp_logan(256) # generate the Shepp-Logan phantom image
```

> `testimage_dip3e` loads image for the DIP3E textbook, "Digital Image Processing, 3rd edition" by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`testimage_dip3e` loads an image from the DIP3E textbook, "Digital Image Processing, 3rd edition" by
```

> Rafael C. Gonzalez and Richard E. Woods. Permission is required from the owner of a © image if the

Reviewer: I might also suggest adding this to the docstring for `testimage_dip3e`.
